WHAT DOES IT guys and what KMAX so I'm going to be making some changes right here.
OK what I'm going to do.
I'm just going to come here and I want to change the color of it because it is just matching everything
and it is not looking a bit cool.
OK.
I want to change the color of it and not the full but a little bit.
So I'm going to come here I want to go to the style and when I come here to color I don't want to increase
the color the depth of this.
So I want to increase it a bit.
Increase it.
And this looks cool.
OK.
If I just said this you can see how this is looking so I have this one go down.
And I have this one I can do.
OK.
So what you what I can do once if someone brings his mouse over it then it colors should be changed
changed.
OK.
So I'm going to come here to Hoover and I want to come here to color and at once if someone brings this
mouse then its color should be this one it's color should match this one.
OK.
So it's Gallo's should be a little a little bit changed.
And now let's come here to save and let's save and let's print let's just come here and here and see
how this is looking so we have what I can do.
So if I bring my mouse you can see this is changing
or if you don't want it to change then you can also keep that.
And if you want the color to be totally changed then you can also make it to be plac.
So you can see that if I print my mouse sre here this is changing to be Plock.
You can go with the Crais a bit of KHRAIS
OK so you can change it anywhere you want.
Any how you want but I don't think so if I need anything on over so I just need it to need this to keep
it as normal so I have what I can do section right here and then when I won I need some of my education
if I want to add but I didn't think so if I want to add any of the education so I'll just add a call
to action but to hire me.
OK.
And that is going to be so amazing.
So what I'm going to do I'm just going to come here I want to go to this guy right here and I won and
U.S. So the U.S. Let's just say it let's just get here and I want basically
a background image so a background image should be cool.
So let's go to an slash that come to get a background image.
OK.
And here and you want the computer once again.
So
this one let's come here let's download and here it is downloaded.
I'm going to drag it and drop it on this.
So I want it to be 1 2 1 2 2 4 by 720 B.
So let's just bring it tray here and let's increase the size of it.
So you.
I want to be here to save it and save it.
So it should be saved as the JPEG file untitled copy won that place.
OK let's go ahead.
OK let's come here and let's go to this guy right here.
And what I want here is that I need a bankroll that meets the back from me just going to be deaths.
Let's come here to style the team here to Baksho.
And I want to go to the classic.
Let's come here to image and let's come here to upload files let's select the file and we need to file.
So this is the file I want to copy and this is being uploaded.
And let's get into it.
Media
OK here you go.
This is coming right here.
I wanted the position to be sorry the attachment should be fixed and the size should be covered.
So this is looking cool.
What I want right now is that I want to go to the layout tray here.
The height should be a minimum height OK.
And it should be this much height or just let's choose the 401.
Let's go to style right here.
Let's go to the background overlay.
And I want this overlay to be full block so lets him here let's just use this to be full black.
OK.
And this should be Planck as well.
I was just had this.
You can see we have this.
What I can do.
And then we have hired me.
So this is going to be a higher midsection where people get a person can just click disburden and it's
going to take them to the new page or it's going to pop up a form form section where he can just enter
his contact information.
You have to enter that.
And then once he enters that that contact information will be emailed to me and I can contact that person
that you entered something to my website and now.
So what are you up to.
And something like that.
OK so I'll be doing that in the next video so stadium guys and Bebai.